Hello and welcome to the icd-10
concussion coding course I'm Leslie
Walker and I will be your guide during
this course as we just saw in the
opening film clip there is the potential
for servicemembers to sustain
concussions in a variety of activities
whether deployed in training during a
stateside assignment or off-duty early
in my career as a military medical
provider I evaluated and treated many
service members for concussion in doing
so I recognized the importance of coding
those visits correctly to ensure service
members received the appropriate level
of care no matter where they were in the
continuum of care I owed it to the
service members and all the medical
providers who would review my records to
take the time to code my encounters
thoroughly and accurately as my career
progressed so did my interest in the
correct treatment and management of
concussion and now I'm focused on policy
and training in this role it's even
clearer to me how crucial accurate
records are in funding auditing
identifying trends and areas for
improvement for coordinating care among
providers and most importantly improving
patient outcomes
this training is specific to diagnosis
coding for concussion evaluation and
management coding and procedure coding
are beyond the scope of this training so
let's take a look at what we'll be